of course
It's a very special moment.
It's a time that we do not fall.
I never thought about going
all that
that we went through that club all over
story for all that you quoted
but football is like football it is
he is dynamic and is passionate andré
his life is real
the guys who rode all over very happy to be here at that moment dictate
and of course
peace that brings the sad part to felej edit
giving this interview
victorious within a team like são paulo
is speaking of the 5 and a half years of many victories and many titles and much
conquest collective achievements because these rituals individual prizes
friends were
a lot of good things
and up to 1
it's so banal that I came here and talk about things that are futile in my mind
the small portion of fans that I did not conquer
inside Sao Paulo for me
This is going to stay for me, this is going to be marked.
every measure demarcated is the professionalism within São Paulo in the
air
hahaha the positive things a lot then
I feel very happy
sad not to have conquered
100% up to São Paulo fans more
very happy to win 99%
in fact it is not only against my will it is not
I did not say
there are many things that involve is with a contracting ne
involves
involves board of directors conversation with com
with the other with as an entrepreneur commented militação is a lot because
what
It's because of the identification I have
air
on the next Wednesday 19
before doing so
Ahhh
she goes to the
we will see
the aircraft will end
he
air is the federal police that is why
many times my will is not always her
he still bets at the table or
the best way to restore them or those
for sure
we wanted here too
so it's difficult
it's too difficult to me
Of course, there is a five and a half year application to dictate
is that leaving the club where I put my same hour wins in the
classic state
It was very difficult for me to stay longer
tibau soccer, we never
we can never conquer
everything that we want that often has
there are people who are not in the same way as people who follow us
same boat together in the same direction what I would like to leave a message pro por
This warned
here there was no treatment in your São Paulo
and perhaps not with the greatness of the recognition you have left
volt in 2002
to have to build a story and make it even more beautiful
You are part of us.
you
We're going to miss a lot in our day-to-day lives.
but people grow up when they leave
They have improved, they have other opportunities for you.
farah the same friends or relatives you did here
in other places because you are absolutely essential
we love you and deep we will never forget
You'll always be with me with Sao Paulo.
I wanted to thank you for everything you did.
we want a lot of potential